### Problem : Session cannot be started after headers have already been sent in php

#### Random answers from Google:

- The line "Headers already sent" means that your PHP script already sent the HTTP headers, and as such it can't make modifications to them now. Check that you don't send ANY content before calling session_start. Better yet, just make session_start the first thing you do in your PHP file so put it at the absolute beginning, before all HTML basically.

  

- Put session_start(); before your DOCTYPE declaration. 




#### Answer from ChatGPT:



The error "Session cannot be started after headers have already been sent" occurs in PHP when you attempt to start a session after output has already been sent to the browser. This error is usually caused by the following reasons:



1. *Output is sent to the browser before the session_start() function is called. Any output, including whitespace characters, before the session_start() function call will cause this error.*
2. *An included file or function has already sent output to the browser before the session_start() function is called.*



To resolve this error, you should make sure that no output is sent to the browser before calling the session_start() function. You can do this by placing the session_start() function at the very beginning of your PHP code, before any output is sent to the browser.

You can also use the output buffering functions in PHP to buffer any output that is generated before the session_start() function is called. This can be done using the ob_start() function at the beginning of your code and ob_end_flush() at the end.



Here is an example of how to use output buffering to prevent this error:



```php

<?php

ob_start(); // start output buffering



session_start(); // start the session



// Your PHP code goes here



ob_end_flush(); // end output buffering and send output to the browser

?>

```



By using output buffering, any output generated by your PHP code will be stored in a buffer instead of being sent directly to the browser. This will allow you to call the session_start() function without causing the "headers already sent" error.
